here we go fans are you ready it's gate
drop
holeshot freeze he gets it davalos takes
the lead back how about michelia with a
great start after riding the LCQ see if
Cerullo goes up in the second place
there's Bhogle
three years on that 36 in the mix I saw
the four bike guys the four bikes kind
of buried in the pack so we're bagging
going to have his work cut out for him
for sure that's two weeks in a row from
back into to be back off the start and a
half problems right there to put it on
the 56 he's missing his way through
comes charging through the 96 michelia
right there alongside of him oh he is
stuck of the tough blocks can't get
loose effing sea and Cerullo should be
taking over the lead okay guys he's
still in third the synthase Lea went
Bryan yeah he got on back in front of
Dakota's on the 56 so see it Cerullo
back of the lead now let's go see what
happened here trying to replay well he's
coming out of the turn and watch on the
right side it looks like some of the
dirt it's getting down to plywood and he
hits that finally loses traction it
throws off his direction
and CN sorella was like okay thank you
very much and so that's one of look at
this is nailing the quad and then he can
just be cool nice and safe double-double
in the turn right there now watch if he
goes to the inside watch this doing this
pie whoa he goes down Adam Cianciarulo
guns
can he get the point going the Shelia
goes right over that he has a problem of
us goes over the bar out again tomorrow
Cerullo its back of the lead here comes
davalos challenging for second you look
at him trying to line up the inside guys
Davalos can still win this so can justin
bogle who sets in fourth he set the
fastest lap last time around so this
could be a four-way battle for the lead
here and I really want to see San cirilo
comes by with the lead
his lap time was a 55 1 michelia 50 69
well this is it domino's 55 if da blows
can do it as he makes it very persistent
here he comes takes it Adam siento
minimum is jake where's doubles close
enough about six and a half seconds
behind so a little bit of breathing room
for Adam oh man is what you say here and
Richardson has his problems boy what is
going to be led to this racetrack for
the 450s guys Hearn I mean it this is
amazing the track is destroyed in
checkered flag away it down Adam seems
rule
he survives to win
me